---
title:  "15 Secrets Successful People Know about Time Management (getAbstract Summary)"
layout: post
---

[Оригинал](https://www.linkedin.com/learning/15-secrets-successful-people-know-about-time-management-getabstract-summary/)

High-achievers regard time as an asset, more valuable than money and they spend every minute wisely. In "15 Secrets Successful People Know About Time Management" published by Kruse Group, Kevin Kruse, New York Times Bestselling Author, Forbes contributor, and Inc. 500 Entrepreneur, combines his skills as a CEO and a journalist to search for common bonds of success by surveying people of great accomplishment. (indistinct) recommends his practical advice to anyone who wants to become more efficient and more successful. In a series of revealing interviews, seven billionaires, 13 Olympians, 29 star students, and 239 entrepreneurs explained their 15 most useful time-management secrets.

- [Narrator] The first secret is time is your most valuable and scarcest resource. As a CEO irked by constant interruptions, author Kevin Cruz posted a large sign with the number 1,440. Viewing his day as 1,440 minutes of potential success helped him focus on essential tasks. His employees began emulating this mindset, thus increasing productivity. Cruz's interviews and surveys with top achievers confirmed that they share this point of view. They recognize time as their most valuable asset. The second secret is identify your most important task, and do it first. Successful people focus on their top priority, long-term goals, and identify meaningful, specific short-term goals they must accomplish first. Breaking short-term goals down into measurable steps guides high achievers to their most vital tasks. The third secret is work from your calendar, not a to-do list. Vanquishing one problem from a to-do list only creates more. Research indicates that most list-makers never complete 41% of their planned jobs. Daily lists tend to randomize the order of importance among your tasks, thus muddling your focus. Most successful CEOs rely on strictly scheduled calendars which allow for time for focusing on the most important tasks. Power players make their calendars work hard by reserving time for solo concentration, for one-on-one communication, and for team input. They also allow time for relaxation.

- [Instructor] The fourth secret is, to overcome procrastination, beat your future self. Most people say procrastination is why they choose easier tasks first or believe they will perform better later. Instead of delaying, try some procrastination busters. For example, do now what you promise you'll do later. If you say you'll exercise or do some irksome job in five minutes, do it now, or try imagining your result. Whether finishing a task will give you pleasure or failing to get it done will cause you pain, imagine the outcome of your actions. Another procrastination buster is to behave like the person you hope to become. Anchor your values and make a firmer commitment to the behaviors you want to emulate. The fifth secret is, there will always be more to do. Successful people accept their limitations. They choose their daily priorities and leave the rest for another day. Overcoming the onus of constant responsibility will help you lead a normal life, and care for yourself and your family without guilt. Sixth, always carry a notebook. Some of the world's most famous billionaires, including Sir Richard Branson, attribute their success to keeping a notebook handy. Jotting down stray thoughts, meeting notes, and great ideas creates indelible impressions. Research shows the brain uses several intertwined functions to process handwritten information. This results in more active accurate recall than typing. Transfer your notes to a computer for permanent future reference. Seventh, control your inbox. A survey by the McKinsey Global Institute indicates that office workers spend up to 1/3 of their days reading and replying to emails. Use the three, two, one, zero system to keep email in its place. Three times a day, spend 21 minutes reviewing your messages. Your goal is an inbox with no new email. This arbitrary time limit will focus you to reply with clear, succinct answers. For each email, decide if you should work on it immediately, enter it on your calendar for later action, delegate it, or file it.

- [Instructor] The eighth secret about time management is schedule and attend meetings as a last resort. Don't set up or go to meetings unless the alternative forms of communication are not sufficient. Many entrepreneurs use a brief daily huddle as a more efficient and unifying way to get their team moving. Ninth is say no to everything that doesn't support your immediate goals. Business magnate Warren Buffett advises that very successful people say no to almost everything. They realize that each commitment of their time may result in the lost of other opportunities. 10th, follow the powerful Pareto Principle which holds that 20% of effort accounts for 80% of results. Aspiring billionaires apply this economic principle to identify the most efficient ways to deploy their exceptional skills or to complete important tasks. The 11th secret is to focus on your unique strengths and passions. A Harvard research team asked employees to analyze the chores they do based on three questions, could they drop the task entirely as unnecessary? Could they delegate it to a competent subordinate? And if they had to do the task, could they examine it to develop a more efficient solution? Each employee saved an average of six hours at their desks and two hours of meetings over a week. Outsourcing easier chores frees up your time and mental energy to concentrate on meaningful goals. 12 is batch your work with recurring themes. Innovative entrepreneurs assign themes to their office days so their employees can concentrate on one specific type of work. Scheduled themes can include meeting days or group training seminars. Other themes include focus days to concentrate on certain crucial tasks and buffer days for catching up. This approach encourages collective concentration that spurs productivity.

- [Instructor] - 13th. If you can do a task in less than five minutes, do it immediately. Top achievers seek immediate return on their time. To expedite incoming work, handle email immediately, delegating as much as possible. Complete instantly anything you can handle in just a few minutes. Move time-consuming tasks to your calendar. Create weekly time blocks to deal with routine tasks. The 14th secret is to use early mornings to strengthen your mind, body, and spirit. Most entrepreneurs embrace a morning routine to reenergize physically and mentally with plenty of water, healthy food, and exercise. The 15th and final secret is productivity is about energy and focus, not time. Hard workers schedule time for relaxation. Spending more time on work doesn't guarantee better results. The brain's capacity to process data efficiently falters during the day. Frequent breaks for water, nutritious snacks, and light exercise rejuvenate the mind and encourage greater productivity. Take enough downtime to build energy. Olympic athletes depend on sleep to revitalize their bodies. Shannon Miller, seven-time Olympic medalist in gymnastics, enjoys brief power naps. Consistently healthy food, fun, rest, and recreation renew your physical stamina and mental focus. This fosters greater productivity and enhances your life at play and at work. Successful people build the energy and focus to make each minute count.
